1-Watch

A. would you say that Deep Blue was intelligent? Explain.
  Ans. Deep Blue was designed to play chess. So, it was only intelligent in the chess as it could evaluate millions of 
       possible moves per second and use the sophisticated algorithms to choose the best one and defeat it's opponent.But, 
       in contrast Deep Blue couldn't think, understand or learn like humans.
       Therefors, I would not consider Deep Blue as intelligent as it was intelligent only in specific chess but other than 
       that it had no knowledge.

B. what contributed to Deep Blue's success and how? Who/what should get credit for it?
  Ans. Deep Blue's success was due to several factors. They are as follows:
      - Computing power which could evaluate millions of possible moves per second.
      - Secialized hardware
      - Chess algorithms that helped search the game trees and evalute the positions.
      - The chess knowledge of the humans.
      - Chess database containing expert chess knowledge and precomputing positions.
    The credit belongs to team who built it and they are the engineers, the trainer who refined the chess strategy and the 
IBM.


2- Watch the Google Duplex demo

A. What implications do you think such digital assistants will have for people?
  Ans. Digital assistants can save time and simplify everyday tasks on a click by managing appointments, reservations, and 
       customer service. It makes our every day life easier. However, they bring threat to us as replace some jobs, 
       raise privacy concerns, and create ethical issues if people are unaware when interacting with an AI. However, if we
       look at the good side they can be very helpful when used responsibly.

B. What opportunities could it open for businesses?
  Ans. For business, digital assistants can help in increasing the efficiency by managing bookings, responding to the 
       questions and providing the customer support 24/7 without needing any extra staff. It can also save employees time 
       and satisfy customers with faster and more convenient services.

C. Is Google Duplex narrow, general or super AI? Explain.
  Ans. Google Duplex is a narrow AI because it performs couple of tasks like phone calls to book an appointments or make 
       reservations. Besides, that it cannot think, learn or perform other unrelated tasks like human.

D. What impressed you most in this demo?
Ans. I was impressed with how naturally Google Duplex talked to people. It contained the pauses like “hmm” like human and 
     was able to adjust to surprises in conversations, making it smooth and realistic interaction as if we were chatting 
     with a human on the other end.


3- Watch the video

A. What does the author have to say about the importance of the Turing test?
  Ans. The author explains that the Turing Test is important because it is a practical method of determining whether a 
       machine can behave intelligently like we chat with people. It does not asks whether machines can think but whether 
       they can convince a human being that they are human. The author also points out that the Turing Test doesn’t 
       demonstrate the machine actually understands or is conscious, only that it can interact like a human.

B. How is the Turing test conducted?
Ans. The Turing test is an experiment conducted with three participants in separate rooms: 1. real human 2. the machine 
     3. human evaluator. The evaluator asks the question to both the participants and if the evaluator is not able to 
     distinguish the machine from the human on the basis of their response, the machine is considered to pas  the Turing 
     test.

C. What Turing Predicted would happen by 2000? Did it happen in your opinion?
 Ans. Alan Turing had stated that by the year 2000 computers would be able to trick a judge at least 30 percent of the time 
      while talking to each other using text for five minutes. I do not think this really happened by 2000. But I do think 
      computers with Artificial Intelligence can do this now in a lot of situations.

     Alan Turing was right that computers can have conversations that seem like they are talking to a person. Even so 
     computers, with Artificial Intelligence can talk like people it does not mean they really understand what they are 
     saying or that they are aware like a person is.

D. What parts of Mitsuku's 2016 transcript resemble human conversation the most?
Ans. Mitsuku’s 2016 transcript sounds a lot like a conversation. With fun chats and reply it makes it feel more natural.
     These techniques make you feel like you are talking to a person. The responses are actually scripted they are not 
     based on understanding. Mitsuku uses talk to make interactions feel real. It handles insults and unexpected inputs 
     in a way. The conversation feels natural because of Mitsukus personality.

E. Who was Eugene Goostman?
 Ans. Goostman was a bot that acted like he was a 13-year-old boy from Ukraine. He was developed specifically for 
       participating in the Turing Test where his age and nationality were used as excuses for making errors.
